---
layout: post
title:  "Satellites Are Cool."
date:   2015-10-4
author: "asmalldev"
read_time: "<1 min"
article_overview: "This summer I had the very good fortune of getting hired as an intern by Pumpkin Inc. Pumpkin is a company that builds hardware and software for Cubesats, a type of small satellite used for space research missions. I won't get too specific about the mission they were doing at the time, but working with such smart people was a very gratifying experience; I loved getting to learn from people who are more experienced and knowledgeable than I am."

---

This summer I had the very good fortune of getting hired as an intern by Pumpkin Inc. Pumpkin is a company that builds hardware and software for Cubesats, a type of small satellite used for space research missions. I won't get too specific about the mission they were doing at the time, but working with such smart people was a very gratifying experience; I loved getting to learn from people who are more experienced and knowledgeable than I am.

I mostly got to work alongside more experienced devs on the telemetry software for the company's upcoming Cubesat mission- which helped me bolster my understanding of databases and general software architecture. I also provided some help with an on-board Linux computer since I had some extra experience from being a Linux desktop user. At the risk of sounding too flashy: I basically got to help send Linux into space (which is pretty much a dream job as far as I'm concerned).

It was really refreshing to do some real-world programming and see embedded Linux in action. I'm taking a Computer Systems course now and am making many connections between the lower-level view I'm getting of computing and the work I was seeing at Pumpkin.

I can only hope I'll get to work with more companies like Pumpkin in the future and look forward to having more experiences and skills to the table.

Check out <a href="http://www.cubesatkit.com/">Pumpkin</a> and the thriving community around <a href="http://www.smallsat.org/">Cubesats</a>!
